https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1630/B        //Classic array and range problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1648/problem/B           //interesting maths problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1790/F        //learning tree problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1554/problem/D           //interesting string problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1552/problem/D           //interesting array problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1552/problem/C           //interesting geometry problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1535/D        //Classic dp and query problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1534/problem/D           //Good tree Interactive problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1525/D        //Medium difficulty dp problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1517/D        //Classic dp problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1509/C        //Easy dp
https://codeforces.com/contest/1508/problem/B           //Interesting bitset and array problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1781/problem/D           //Interesting maths problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1775/D        //Interesting graph problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1774/E        //Interesting tree problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1788/problem/E           //Classic DP + segment tree
https://codeforces.com/contest/1746/problem/D           //Classic tree DP problem + classic max sum DP
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1739/D        //Easy tree problem
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1744/E2       //Classic maths
https://codeforces.com/contest/1738/problem/D           //Classic maths (bad statement)
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1777/D        //Easy tree
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1784/B        //Interesting string problem
https://codeforces.com/contest/1717/problem/D           //Classic maths
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1714/F        //Easy tree
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1707/B        //Easy maths
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1704/D        //Classic maths